For this first Homework assignment, I found myself both challenged and surprised. 
I found I had an easier time remembering how to set things up and create the basic structure of the index.html file, but when it came to div, classes, and ids (how to structure these), I hit a wall about the specifics of how and when to use it. I had to go back and do a bit of review, and although I understand it a bit more, I want and need to look into this further. There was a lot of trial and error with writing the code for this page. Sometimes, it was as simple as having it in the wrong place; other times, I had to look up further. 
Likewise, with styles.css, I get it to a degree, and then, at a certain point, I get lost. With more practice, it will make more sense and be more intuitive, but I am still feeling rusty with some of this material. I was glad to have my Intro to Web Design notes to help guide me through some of that order and reasoning.

I have been intimidated by this class because it has taken me longer to understand and make decisions about how to structure information without needing to review the material repeatedly. Working through issues and making it look *generally* how I had hoped it would, remind me I am still learning. I look forward to having more confidence and efficiency in my process.
It was fun to consider a gaming memory. As someone who doesn't have a lot of personal interest in the gaming industry, I realize I have generalized the industry as a whole, and many incredible things can be done through games. It took remembering some of my childhood memories and the lessons I learned through those games. Playing is so important in life, especially when you are a kid. Some important life lessons can be uncovered by playing different characters or roles in various scenes.

***Also I had a hard time seeing this on my phone, what am I doing wrong here?